
## The **rbjones.com** web site build

This repository contains the code and other files necessary to build the rbjones.com website.

This is where most of my creative enterprise is located, but because I am a traveller rather than an achiever, the material is fragmentary and incomplete, in perpetual ongoing development, and doomed rarely to contain anything substantial and finished.

The dates on the files show that the site has been in development since September 1994.
Since it has grown haphazardly over multiple decades, a variety of different technologies are used, and it is therefore fairly complicated to get the site build to go through.
Initially the materials were hand coded HTML and HTML generated by transformation of text files using Perl scripts.
The transformations are rerun every time the site is built, so that further evolution of the materials by editing the scripts remains an option.

I have also undertaken formal logical work mainly using ProofPower but occasionaly using other proof tools, some of which has not been maintained, but most of which is incorporated into the website and rerun when the site builds.
The use of ProofPower results in documents, sometimes XML documents which are transformed using XSLT and other technologies into HTML files, sometimes into LaTeX files which are compiled into PDF documents.
The development of XML based methods for use with ProofPower also resulted in an XML supported site style which has been widely used for materials not involving formal logic.

Much of the materials are philosophical, some of this my own editions of a small number of classic texts, either in hypertext or in PDF, some published as paperbacks through the Amazon owned Creatspace facility, and sold through amazon.com and other amazon sites.
The materials which I have written myself were initially all in hypermedia, but I have also attempted philosophical writing in LaTeX often in formats intended ultimately for publication in PDF and as paperbacks.
However, none of these has yet come close to completion.

In order to build this site (though its not clear why anyone else would want to do that) you would need to refer to the README file in the src directory.
I try to keep a record there of how to make it work, mainly so that I can reproduce the build process whenever I have to migrate from one machine to another.
However, this documentation is, I fear, unlikely to be quite as good as it should be, for which I apologies to anyone who might attempt to use it.

Roger Bishop Jones
